[Music]
eleven practical money tips for
millionaires themselves making healthy
financial habits a part of your life is
a big step towards prosperity to help
you get started with that we've got 11
tips straight from the mouths of
millionaires themselves if you can't
wait to join the ranks of those who know
a thing or two about success then hit
that thumbs up and let's go already
number one follow the 50 30 20 rule this
rule is a great budgeting technique
the idea is to divide your income into
three categories the first category is
necessities you should allocate fifty
percent of your income from monthly
expenses like rent transportation
utilities groceries and basically things
you can't live without the second
category is personal spending it means
you can use thirty percent of your
salary for entertainment shopping
hobbies and anything that makes you
happy
the last category is savings for 20
percent of your money straight into a
savings account self-made millionaire
grant cardone
says it's crucial to have some
untouchable accounts that you can't use
even for emergencies he explains that he
always invests his surpluses into
ventures he can't access even when he's
broke number two avoid poverty thinking
never say things like it's too expensive
or I'll never be able to afford that see
that high price tag as a limit you can
potentially overcome not a permanent
barrier if all the goods and services in
the world were cheap people wouldn't
have to work hard to get them see money
as something you can earn and built up
not something that keeps you down and
crushes all your dreams it's all about
your thinking number three write out a
detailed financial plan budgets aren't
only for businesses and governments and
just writing I'm gonna try to save more
money this year isn't enough set
specific goals and create a detailed
plan on how to achieve them for example
if you want to go to Spain next year
calculate exactly how much the trip will
cost take a look at your monthly income
and subtract from it all your necessary
expenses in the end you'll see how much
money you need to save each month and
for how many months setting long-term
goals is even better they're excellent
motivators millionaire Timothy Sykes
says such goals enable you to look
beyond the moment and put into
perspective why you're spending your
time today the way you are make sure
what you're doing on a daily basis is
moving you closer to your goal if it's
not think of what you can change
number four adhere to the rule of 100
the rule of 100 simply means doing a
hundred of something within a year it
could be a hundred speeches a hundred
articles 100 workouts and even a hundred
cakes if you like to bake it'll not only
make you way more skilled in whatever
you're doing
but also keep you motivated and
organized this principle will help in
any job because practice and
perseverance only lead to success do you
have your own 100 in mind already then
start today number five always have a
plan B today you might have the job of
your dreams with a steady income but
nobody knows what tomorrow will bring in
addition to saving up part of your
salary in your own emergency fund get
yourself ready for crises think of other
skills you have and work on developing
them in your free time expand your
professional network talk to people and
keep their contact info you never know
where a new job might come from when you
need it number six
buy in bulk and on sale anyone with a
warehouse club membership like Costco or
Sam's Club can attest that buying in
bulk saves money but this rule only
applies to goods you'll actually use and
won't go bad don't be embarrassed to use
coupons
wait for that cool gadget to go on sale
or compare prices at different retailers
after all a penny saved is a penny
earned
number seven stay away from cred
cards if you have a credit card you're
treading on dangerous ground credit
cards encourage people to make impulse
purchases regardless of whether or not
they can actually afford it by using a
credit card you're essentially spending
money you don't actually have plus that
added interest on your monthly payments
means you're spending more on the same
items than if you simply use cash or a
debit card number it try to buy straight
from manufacturers
before you buy something in a store stop
and ask yourself can I cut out the
middleman here you'd be surprised by how
often you can actually order something
straight from the manufacturer and the
price is almost always lower you might
face a minimum order quantity but in
this case you can recruit friends or
family by enticing them with the low
prices just like Jared Sessler founder
and CEO of home pass kid when he was fed
up of paying an arm and a leg for
organic produce he decided to try buying
from the wholesaler the minimum order
amount was two hundred and fifty dollars
so he teamed up with friends to get what
they all wanted for a way more
affordable price number nine live below
the means the biggest problem for a lot
of people is that they spend more than
they earned they buy a nice house in a
prestigious neighborhood just because
they want to keep up with the Joneses
and impress all their friends and family
instead of putting on a facade for
others it's better to just live below
your means so that you have more money
coming in Grant Cardone admits he was
through driving a Toyota Camry when he
became a millionaire he had been putting
off buying his first luxury watch and
car until his business ventures were
bringing in stable and constant flows of
income living below your means doesn't
mean saying no to all the joys of life
you just need to use some creativity and
reason having a game night at home can
be just as much or even more fun than
going out and you don't need to rush off
and buy the newest smartphone model if
your phone is working just fine
number 10 start earning passive
come I hate to break it to you but it's
nearly impossible to become rich if you
breaking your back for every single
dollar of course most of us work this
way and our time literally equals our
money but for most millionaires it's
completely different they don't earn
money just by spending time at work they
get their money to work for them so
their time is more valuable than money
that's why it's really important to have
some passive income one way to do it is
through investments business magnate
Warren Buffett recommends investing in
something you know if you aren't a
financial guru yourself consult an
expert to learn about all the risks and
opportunities number 11
surround yourself with successful people
this idea is easily explained by how
much the people around you influence
your life and mindset if you get along
with talented people who share your
vision it's easier to generate creative
ideas and bring them to life if you need
to first find some successful people you
can meet them at networking events
webinars or on social media author of
how rich people think Steve Seibold
explains that your own net worth mostly
mirrors the level of your closest
friends it's best to avoid people who
dream your energy or pull you down
emotionally and don't support your
dreams and surround yourself with people
who not only inspire you but also
encourage you to take action and always
dream big do you already follow any of
these tips or maybe you have your own
secrets to successful saving please
share them with us in the comment
section like this video if you found it
useful
and subscribe to our channel where more
cool updates are always coming your way
take your shoes off and stay a while
with us on the bright side
[Music]